docs: proofread market CLI guides (#72)
NilFoundation/proof-market-toolchain: gitbook-docs/market/cmd-reference/README.md

# CLI Reference

Use the scripts from the [Proof Market toolchain](https://github.com/NilFoundation/proof-market-toolchain) to interact with the Proof Market:

* [make a new account](user.md);
* [push your statement as a circuit developer](statement.md);
* [order proofs for a zkApp](ask.md);
* [propose to sell proofs](bid.md);

> * [upload and download proofs](proof.md);

Reviewer: dot in the end?

Author: Thanks, fixed

# CLI Reference

> Scripts to interact with the Proof Market, located in the `scripts` directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Scripts for interacting with the Proof Market, located in the `./scripts` directory.
```

Author: Fixed

# CLI Reference

`=nil;` prepared a [toolchain](https://github.com/NilFoundation/proof-market-toolchain)

> for interacting with the Proof Market.

Reviewer: There's something in this phrase that I don't like. The first thing is about preparing. We don't prepare it, we develop it. Next, there could be a more clear call to action.

Use the scripts in the [Proof Market toolchain]() to interact with the Proof Market:

* [Make a new account]()
* [Push your statement as a circuit developer]
* [Order proofs for a zkApp]
* [Propose to sell proofs]
* [Upload and download proofs]
